{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The story of my project\
\
Female authors, female stories of amateur theatricals among the gentry and the upwardly mobile in the nineteenth century. Enter a class on Melville, and everything changed. Suddenly, sailors were performing plays at sea as a part of the same tradition. And then I learned that other lower-class people were eager to perform in paid venues. And if I\'92m going to look at sailor theatricals, I\'92m going to need to learn about the nineteenth-century navy. And I\'92m going to have to learn if these theatricals were a common occurrence. \
\
Fast forward through the dissertation. They were common. I spend a lot of time thinking about the concept of amateurism and why it is such a fraught concept.\
\
Fast forward to now. I\'92m writing a book and it keeps getting narrower. It was going to be on all sorts of amateur theatrical performance, but I recently switched it to just focus on shipboard theatricals. I have now narrowed the focus even further to tell the story of the sailor amateurs of HMS Chesapeake. And now I am grappling with the way to make sense of scant historical traces. And for that, I\'92m venturing into the rich work of queer theory and masculinity studies.\
\
So, from Jane Eyre to the untold story of sailors\'92 sexual lives. \
\
And in all of this, I\'92m a woman telling this story. What about that? That\'92s what I\'92m thinking a lot about lately, especially as I think about marketing a book about this history.}